#Description:
Your platform, Wild Rush, is a comprehensive online marketplace connecting adventure enthusiasts with thrilling experiences worldwide. Users can browse, book, and review various adventure sports activities, from skydiving to rock climbing.

#Problem it solves and Impact:
Wild Rush addresses the challenge of finding and booking adventure sports experiences efficiently. By centralizing diverse offerings in one platform, it simplifies the discovery process for users and helps adventure businesses reach a broader audience.

#Target Audience:
Wild Rush caters to adventure seekers of all ages and skill levels, from adrenaline junkies to families looking for outdoor excursions.

#Justification for Design Choices:
Wild Rush adopts a meticulous design approach to ensure optimal performance, user engagement, and scalability.

User Model:
Captures essential user information for authentication and personalization.
Indexed fields 'username' and 'email' facilitate rapid user lookup and authentication processes, enhancing platform responsiveness.

Sport Model:
Stores details about each adventure sport, facilitating categorization and search functionalities.
Indexed 'name' field accelerates sport information retrieval, improving user experience during browsing and search operations.

Provider Model:
Represents entities offering adventure experiences, enabling users to discover providers effortlessly.
Indexed 'name' field expedites provider lookup, ensuring swift access to adventure experience options.

Experience Model:
Defines the core offering, linking adventure sports with providers and specifying pricing and capacity.
Composite indexes on 'sport' and 'provider' foreign key fields optimize query performance for retrieving experience details based on sport or provider criteria.

Booking Model:
Manages user bookings, recording essential details like date and status.
Indexed foreign key fields improve booking query efficiency, ensuring seamless management of user reservations.

Review Model:
Allows users to share their experiences and provide feedback, enhancing trust and engagement.
Indexed foreign key fields optimize review retrieval, fostering a robust feedback mechanism for users.

CalendarEvent Model:
Integrates with users' calendars, providing reminders for booked experiences.
Indexed foreign key fields enable efficient event retrieval, enhancing user experience with timely reminders and notifications.

Subscription Model:
Enables users to subscribe to adventure providers, fostering long-term relationships.
Indexed foreign key fields streamline subscription management, supporting seamless user interactions with subscribed providers.

The chosen design not only promotes data integrity, reduces redundancy, and establishes clear relationships but also integrates indexing to optimize database performance. By incorporating indexing alongside robust database design principles, Wild Rush ensures a responsive, efficient, and engaging adventure booking platform.


run:
pip install django-allauth